today we're going to cover to Lita bin
Lake featuring Holly Park marina on the
southeast end of the lake
come and enjoy some great bass fishing
friendly people in a family atmosphere
this is the main store at Holly Park
marina they definitely have everything
you need
their new motel is top-of-the-line and
luxury and comfort you will enjoy your
stay here here's an inside shot of the
rooms with plenty of room to relax after
a long day of fishing they also have
other accommodations such as this nice
manufactured home or if the budget is
tight reserve this duplex either way
your comfort is number-one for them
here's a shot of the RV park which
offers a great view of the lake from
just about every site
fishing on 2-liter bin from bass to
crappie people come from every nation
into fish 2-liter bin I personally find
2-liter bin has better fishing than many
other major lakes in Southeast Texas
this is why it is one of my favorites
also crappie fishing can't be beat on
talita Bend with a 50 limit per person
you'll definitely catch a stringer
and let's not forget about catfish if
you're looking for a big one to lead a
bin is the place to be
I definitely rate to lead a bin lake in
Holly Park marina number one in my book
thanks for watching and good fishing